**Disclaimer**
Updated at 2022-10-08



ViewDucts hereby grants you access to https://www.viewducts.com (“the Website”) and invites you to purchase the services offered here.


**Definitions and key terms**
To help explain things as clearly as possible in this Disclaimer, every time any of these terms are referenced, are strictly defined as:

Cookie: small amount of data generated by a website and saved by your web browser. It is used to identify your browser, provide analytics, remember information about you such as your language preference or login information.
Company: when this policy mentions “Company,” “we,” “us,” or “our,” it refers to ViewDucts MarketPlace, (I 1 Number 20 Ogbete Main Market Enugu Nigeria), that is responsible for your information under this Disclaimer.
Service: refers to the service provided by ViewDucts as described in the relative terms (if available) and on this platform.
Website: ViewDucts’s site, which can be accessed via this URL: https://www.viewducts.com
You: a person or entity that is registered with ViewDucts to use the Services.
This Disclaimer was created with Termify.


**Limited liability**
ViewDucts endeavours to update and/or supplement the content of the website/app on a regular basis. Despite our care and attention, content may be incomplete and/or incorrect.

The materials offered on the website/app are offered without any form of guarantee or claim to their correctness. These materials can be changed at any time without prior notice from ViewDucts.

Particularly, all prices on the website/app are stated subject to typing and programming errors. No liability is assumed for the implications of such errors. No agreement is concluded on the basis of such errors.

ViewDucts shall not bear any liability for hyperlinks to websites or services of third parties included on the website/app. From our website/app, you can visit other websites by following hyperlinks to such external sites. While we strive to provide only quality links to useful and ethical websites, we have no control over the content and nature of these sites. These links to other websites do not imply a recommendation for all the content found on these sites. Site owners and content may change without notice and may occur before we have the opportunity to remove a link which may have gone ‘bad’.

Please be also aware that when you leave our website/app, other sites may have different privacy policies and terms which are beyond our control. Please be sure to check the Privacy Policies of these sites as well as their "Terms of Service" before engaging in any business or uploading any information.


**Links to Other Websites Disclaimer**
This Disclaimer applies only to the Services. The Services may contain links to other websites not operated or controlled by ViewDucts. We are not responsible for the content, accuracy or opinions expressed in such websites, and such websites are not investigated, monitored or checked for accuracy or completeness by us. Please remember that when you use a link to go from the Services to another website, our Privacy Policy is no longer in effect. Your browsing and interaction on any other website, including those that have a link on our platform, is subject to that website’s own rules and policies. Such third parties may use their own cookies or other methods to collect information about you. If You click on a third party link, You will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise You to review the Privacy Policy and Terms of every site You visit.

We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.


**Errors and Omissions Disclaimer**
ViewDucts is not responsible for any content, code or any other imprecision.

ViewDucts does not provide warranties or guarantees.

In no event shall ViewDucts be liable for any special, direct, indirect, consequential, or incidental damages or any damages whatsoever, whether in an action of contract, negligence or other tort, arising out of or in connection with the use of the Service or the contents of the Service. ViewDucts reserves the right to make additions, deletions, or modifications to the contents on the Service at any time without prior notice.


**General Disclaimer**
The ViewDucts Service and its contents are provided "as is" and "as available" without any warranty or representations of any kind, whether express or implied. ViewDucts is a distributor and not a publisher of the content supplied by third parties; as such, ViewDucts exercises no editorial control over such content and makes no warranty or representation as to the accuracy, reliability or currency of any information, content, service or merchandise provided through or accessible via the ViewDucts Service. Without limiting the foregoing, ViewDucts specifically disclaims all warranties and representations in any content transmitted on or in connection with the ViewDucts Service or on sites that may appear as links on the ViewDucts Service, or in the products provided as a part of, or otherwise in connection with, the ViewDucts Service, including without limitation any warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose or non-infringement of third party rights. No oral advice or written information given by ViewDucts or any of its affiliates, employees, officers, directors, agents, or the like will create a warranty. Price and availability information is subject to change without notice. Without limiting the foregoing, ViewDucts does not warrant that the ViewDucts Service will be uninterrupted, uncorrupted, timely, or error-free.


**Copyright Disclaimer**
All intellectual property rights concerning these materials are vested in ViewDucts. Copying, distribution and any other use of these materials is not permitted without the written permission of ViewDucts, except and only to the extent otherwise provided in regulations of mandatory law (such as the right to quote), unless otherwise stated for certain materials.


**Affiliate Links Disclosure**
ViewDucts has affiliate links and in this section of the Disclaimer we will address how we use those affiliate links from other websites/companies and products. These “affiliate links” are specific URLs that contain the affiliate's ID or username.

In compliance with the FTC guidelines, please assume the following about links and posts on this site:

Any/all of the links on ViewDucts are affiliate links of which we receive a small commission from sales of certain items, but the price is the same for you. As ViewDucts has grown, so have costs associated with running and maintaining it, and affiliate links are a way we help offset these costs.
If we post an affiliate link to a product, it is something that we personally use, support and would recommend without an affiliate link.
Unless otherwise noted, all reviews are of items we have purchased and we are not paid or compensated in any way.

We might participate in affiliate programs such as:

Amazon Associates Program**
CJ Affiliate
Clickbank
ShareASale
Ebay Partner Network
Affise
Others

**Advertising Disclosure**
This website/app may contain third party advertisements and links to third party sites. ViewDucts does not make any representation as to the accuracy or suitability of any of the information contained in those advertisements or sites and does not accept any responsibility or liability for the conduct or content of those advertisements and sites and the offerings made by the third parties.

Advertising keeps ViewDucts and many of the websites and services you use free of charge. We work hard to make sure that ads are safe, unobtrusive, and as relevant as possible.

Third party advertisements and links to other sites where goods or services are advertised are not endorsements or recommendations by ViewDucts of the third party sites, goods or services. ViewDucts takes no responsibility for the content of any of the ads, promises made, or the quality/reliability of the products or services offered in all advertisements.


**Testimonials Disclosure**
Any testimonials provided on this platform are opinions of those providing them. The information provided in the testimonials is not to be relied upon to predict results in your specific situation. The results you experience will be dependent on many factors including but not limited to your level of personal responsibility, commitment, and abilities, in addition to those factors that you and/or ViewDucts may not be able to anticipate.

We will give honest testimonials to our visitors regardless of any discount. Any product or service that we test are individual experiences, reflecting real life experiences. The testimonials could be displayed on audio, text or video and are not necessarily representative of all of those who will use our products and/or services.

ViewDucts does not guarantee the same results as the testimonials given on our platform. Testimonials presented on ViewDucts are applicable to the individuals writing them, and may not be indicative of future success of any other individuals.

Please don’t hesitate to contact us if you would like to know more about testimonials, discounts, or any of the products/services that we review.


**Your Consent**
We've updated our Disclaimer to provide you with complete transparency into what is being set when you visit our site and how it's being used. By using our website/app, registering an account, or making a purchase, you hereby consent to our Disclaimer and agree to its terms.


**Changes To Our Disclaimer**
Should we update, amend or make any changes to this document so that they accurately reflect our Service and policies. Unless otherwise required by law, those changes will be prominently posted here. Then, if you continue to use the Service, you will be bound by the updated Disclaimer. If you do not want to agree to this or any updated Disclaimer, you can delete your account.


**Contact Us**
Don't hesitate to contact us if you have any questions regarding this Disclaimer.

Via Email: info@viewducts.com
Via this Address: I 1 Number 20 Ogbete Main Market Enugu Nigeria